add branch philosophy section (#1178)
opendp/opendp: docs/source/contributing/contribution-process.rst

Once you have opened your Pull Request, it will appear in the `list of open PRs <https://github.com/opendp/opendp/pulls>`_.
Please check back later for feedback!

Branch Philosophy
-----------------
OpenDP may have many open PRs at any given moment.
Sometimes it's just a backlog, but also reflects our development process:

When possible, we want PRs to be narrowly focused, and linked to a single issue.

But bigger features will have multiple prerequisites...
and there may be different ways of satisfying those prerequisites,
and it may not be obvious at first what the best course is.
Rather than merging those prerequisite PRs straight to ``main`` we'll stack other PRs on them,
and those later PRs can test whether we made the right choices at the beginning.

> Industry contributors are also using their own forks of OpenDP in production,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use-case partners are also using their own forks of OpenDP in production,
```
